hello everyone my name is Dasha today I want
show print such a set
snares of pep I bought it for my
nephew he strongly wanted to have
were these now main characters this dad
gilt mom gilt itself peppa and george and
I decided to give him such a gift
well let's be him already
such a box is printed like this
here looks like a box back here
written syncope
in English we open our box
and here are our 4 links
well let's get them out with
they also come with such pods
We put this insert here is our first
synco this is our mom piggy she is still
can also shine if i leave
batteries
this is our dad pig
also install it on our
podstavochka take out our stick our
the main character here she was driving me
I also put such a pocket on
coaster
and our last hero is the youngest
George is a brother pig daddies here is
here he is beautiful
all these pictures can shine if not
put on batteries
so today we printed out
set pigs dad
they are very beautiful here they are 4
Main characters
Well, I showed you today
quick and short unpacking of pigs
Well, memory for video subscribe
on the channel, put your fingers up and knight
my videos on social networks and the same
see my playlist
master classes sing good luck and good
moods
I will be very glad to new friends channels
meeting